polish compaction filter configuration doc (#16179)
pingcap/docs: garbage-collection-configuration.md

| tikv | 172.16.5.36:20163 | gc.enable-compaction-filter | true  |
| tikv | 172.16.5.35:20163 | gc.enable-compaction-filter | true  |
+------+-------------------+-----------------------------+-------+
```

> > **Note：**
> >
> > The compaction filter may delay the entries to be deleted in some cases, which could lead to performance regression in TiKV scan. And if `next` or `prev` in [`Coprocessor Details->Total Ops Details`](/grafana-tikv-dashboard.md###Coprocessor-Detail) are far more (3x+) than `processed_keys`, then it's recommended to disable compaction filter to speed up the GC. In TiDB 7.1.3 or newer version, TiDB would check each region's redundent version count[`region-compact-min-redundant-rows`](/tikv-configuration-file.md###region-compact-min-redundant-rows) and ratio[`region-compact-redundant-rows-percent`](/tikv-configuration-file.md###region-compact-redundant-rows-percent) to automatic trigger compaction, which would greatly mitigate the issue. And therefore in TiDB 7.1.3 or newer version, it's recommended to tune these parameters instead of disabling compaction filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> When using the mechanism of GC in Compaction Filter, the GC progress might be delayed, which leads to the performance regression of TiKV scan. If your workload contains a large number of coprocessor requests, and you observe that the number of `next()` or `prev()` calls of Total Ops Details in the [**TiKV-Details > Coprocessor Detail**](/grafana-tikv-dashboard.md#Coprocessor-Detail) panel is three times more than the number of `processed_keys` calls, consider the following actions:
> - For TiDB v7.1.3 earlier versions, it is recommended to try disabling Compaction Filter to speed up GC.
> - Starting from v7.1.3, to speed up GC in Compaction Filter, TiDB automatically triggers compaction based on the redundant version number [`region-compact-min-redundant-rows`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-compact-min-redundant-rows) and ratio [`region-compact-redundant-rows-percent`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-compact-redundant-rows-percent) of each Region. For TiDB v7.1.3 and later versions, if you encounter the preceding situation, it is recommended to adjust these two parameters instead of disabling Compaction Filter.
```
